Add GPG Expiration entry in the CHANGELOG (#870)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

* cloud: fixed a bug that would prevent nested symlinks from being dereferenced into the config sent to Cloud ([#686](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/686)) 
* cloud: state snapshots could not be disabled when header x-terraform-snapshot-interval is absent ([#687](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/687))
* Fixed crash during tofu destroy inside module with variable validation ([#817](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/817))

> * Fix regression in ignoring GPG signing key expiration by default ([822](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/822))

Reviewer: Let's try and keep this past-tense like the rest. Maybe something like this could work?
```suggestion
* Fixed regression where `tofu` was ignoring GPG signing key expiration by default ([822](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/822))
```

>   - Added experimental env variable to enable GPG signing key expiration `OPENTOFU_ENFORCE_GPG_EXPIRATION=true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added experimental env variable to enforce checking of GPG signing key expiration `OPENTOFU_ENFORCE_GPG_EXPIRATION=true`
```
